Ah!
All I know is that the path is late and the wife is dumb
I didn't expect it to be true.
Then you come
Ah Chi, these blind people dare to kidnap me
Please help me
Be reserved, you are still young
Is this about the previous chairperson?
I think it's better to slow down
Lu Enterprises has been conservative all these years
The great goal of the board of directors
New reforms are long overdue
It's a good thing this young man is promising
But just rely on the old man to leave the 10% dark object
I'm afraid you don't care about this chairperson's seat
Hello, Lujingchi?
Your two women are in my hands
Come alone
Don't call the police.
Or I'll kill them all
How come?
The board of directors is cancelled
Look at this young face
I don't know what it's like to be a woman in the open neck pool?
Don't get out of here
I still think this dumb one has more flavor
No matter what you say or do to him
He can't sing and he can't fight
Hahahaha
Ouch, yo, yo, yo.
Looking at the teary eyes on the little face
No wonder Rui Ichi marries a mute and goes home
Is this better than me?
Hahahaha stop